Fix broken link to example and add README for AllenNLP examples. (#1397)
optuna/optuna: examples/allennlp/README.md

# Hyperparameter optimization using Optuna

> This examples show two ways using Optuna for tuning AllenNLP models.

Reviewer: A nit
```suggestion
These examples show two ways of using Optuna for tuning AllenNLP models.
```

Author: Thank you for correcting, I applied your suggestion. (a1abaa5)
